Hi! This repository contains some of the projects I did for my internship at NTU in my junior year of high school. Along with metacognition_tasks (another repository), these repositories contain a couple of things: first, a modified stroop task (in Mandarin) as well as a metacognition task where you select between two boxes and choose the box with more dots in it, and then rate your confidence. 
Some of the code & libraries used might be outdated, especially for the stimulus code. 
The other part analyzes data gained through a questionaire targetting different personality traits in different scales. For example, a couple of the questions attempt to measure the "Big Five" personality traits, while others attempt to measure interpersonal reactivity (empathy). We attempt to compare each subject's personality traits with how easily their beliefs change after watching naturalistic stimuli (videos on nuclear energy, in this instance).
The first part (personality_analysis) uses factor analysis to group the different constructs into factors (4 factors in this case), each factor being a weighted sum of the constructs. 
The second part (SEM_analysis) runs structural equation modeling on the relationship between the different factors and participants' belief change. We split the belief change up into three parts and ran three separate models on them: belief change after watching a video opposing nuclear energy, one after watching a video supporting, and one total. After running the three models, with no statistically significant p-value for the sem model for the supporting belief change, we started dropping different constructs to see if we could get a statstically signifcant p-value, with no avail. 